**ASCIT Board of Directors Meeting**

Minutes for June 6, 2018. Taken by Rachel Sun.

**Officers Present:** Sakthi Vetrivel, Erika Salzman, Sarah Crucilla, Varun Shanker, Dana He, Alice Zhai, Rachel Sun

**Guests:** None

**Call to Order:** 12:11 President’s Report (Sakthi):

•	*Not present. Report submitted after the meeting.*

•	ASCIT is working on changing End of Rotation Party. If you have any feedback, let us know!

•	Discussion with the administration on compost bins is in progress.

**Officer’s Reports:**

**V.P. of Academic Affairs (Erika):**

•	ARC appointed students to academic faculty board committees.

•	The ASCIT teaching awards dinner will happen on Friday.

**V.P. of Non-Academic Affairs (Sarah):**

•	IHC has finished talking about rotation.

•	IHC appointed a new ACRL member, Simon Ricci.

•	Retreat was productive: simulations of new system were run with different data and it was successful.

•	IHC is working to improve and increase student-security interactions; IHC plans to work with the deans, Joe Shepherd, and the head of security (they will either start a committee or hold informal get-togethers).

**Director of Operations (Varun):**

•	Started organizing storage closet.

**Treasurer (Dana):**

•	Some clubs have been spending their money on food. We plan to look into it.

**Social Director (Alice):**

•	Mudeo is happening on Saturday 6/9 from 3-5 PM. A Tie-Dye event will happen at the same time nearby and there will be a hot-dog/veggie-dog roast afterward.

**Secretary (Rachel):**

•	Nothing to report.

*If anyone has any questions or concerns about a section of the minutes please email the appropriate officer. We are happy to answer any questions.*

**Meeting Adjourned**: 12:25

      